For this project i had to use copilot ai which is integrated to visual studio code, in order to generate functions, to then edit them in a meaningful way to fit my code. The functions that used the copilot's suggestion were the ones to clean column names, remove any invalid rows, and handle any missing values. 

While these suggestions provided the correct base functions, I had to make the following changes to them so that they could run in the right way:
For the function to clean column names, copliots suggestion was to chainmultiple methods such as "str.lower(), and str.replace()", before assiging the rsult of this to to "df.columns". My change was to introduce the temporary variable "new_cols", which improved readability and debugging. 

For the function that handles missing values, copilot gave me the suggestion to fill NaNs with "0". I expanxed this to add "pd.to_numeric" which converted the "price" and "qty" sections. This was an important step because it prevents TypeErrors that first occured when I tried to run the code without this modification. By forcing float for price, and Int64 for qty right after filling NaN's, this made sure the code would run smoothly. 

I learned quite a bit from this project. It was very important for me to establish in my head the simple concept of the output of one function, being the right input for the one that comes after. One of the biggest speed bumps I hit was case sensitivity. For a few hours, I could not figure out what was causing certain errors to show up regarding terms like "price" and "category" in my code. It took me so long before I realized that I had to use the lowercase terms with "clean_column_names", all the code below it had to refer to that new lowercase names, as opposed to the capitalized ones from the raw data. 

The second big error I ran into was filling missing values. I had to realize that I needed to use pd.to_numeric in order to force the columns to be in the right numeric form after the cleaning. Before I added this code, I could not figure out the "TypeError" code it was giving me. One of the last things I took away from this was using filtering techniques. I had to use "query and dropna" to improve logic, and remove negative data points. Debugging was probably where I saw my greatest improvement. I am now much better at differenciating between kinds of errors, like keyerror, nameerror, syntaxerror, or typeerror. Overall, I would say I learned a good amount from this assignment. 